I grew up in a household where I was encouraged to go certain established paths (medicine and law), but I always found myself being drawn into the arts. I taught myself how to code because I wanted to design my MySpace and Xanga layouts, I played piano for 8 years and use music as a way to express my emotions, I was known for my hand-lettering growing up and would constantly doodle during class, and I found myself looking for solutions to my every day problems (for instance, making an earring holder out of a tissue box or a belt out of my dad's tie). But all of this stopped as the pressure rose to compete in school, especially in college.

Two years ago, I realized I had stopped doing all the things that I loved and felt quite empty inside. I decided to make a conscious effort to start doing the things I loved before and to work hard to be able to pursue it as a profession. At the end of 2013, I started coding again. In 2014, I started designing again through freelancing. During this time, I found out about User Experience Design as a field. A perfect combination for my love of design and my love of Psychology and helping people. Now, I am taking General Assembly's User Experience Design Course to receive formal education in order to build credibility and pursue UX Design professionally. Working on a full documentation for a UX project has made me feel alive again. I go into class every Monday and Wednesday excited to be learning more about the field and I finish my work feeling rejuvinated.

I know that I may not be the most experienced designer, but I have a strong background in Psychology and Sociology, I am incredibly passionate about human-centered design, and I am willing to work incredibly hard to make it in this field. If accepted into Whitespace, I will be an engaged, curious, and hard-working intern, a helpful and inquisitive collaborator, and a constantly learning student.

I feel more alive and excited after I’ve done a sprint or worked on an idea or crafted a lettering project. When I go to a site or open an app that has put a focus on human-centered design, it makes me feel some type of way. I want to bring that experience to other people as well. i want to use my skills to act as a catalyst to help people solve problems, be better versions of themselves, learn a new skill. through good design, I can make those processes easier with fewer obstacles. i am constantly learning and adapting to new research that comes out about design.