Short Bio

What are your strengths in design?
	My ability to organize information and take information that I'm given and adapt them into different iterations are my biggest strengths. I think in a more methodical way, so when I'm given a problem to solve, the first thing I do is break it down into its various components. Then I organize it using taxonomy with a particular focus on making sure the information is communicative, findable, and valuable. I want to ensure that the user finds the navigation consistent across contexts and tasks, the key features and information are easy to find, and that the information and features are valuable to the user.

	Since I started freelancing, I made sure to always have at least 3 different iterations to present to clients. Now that I learned how to sketch lo-fi sketches, my ability to draw up iterations has increased 10 fold. I just learned about UX/UI patterns, so I've been research and studying those as well so that I can incorporate them into my designs.

Which areas of design would you like to improve?
	I would like to improve every aspect of my design. I am contantly learning and trying to grow as a designer and there is always room for improvement. In particular, I would like to improve my ability to whittle down my ideas so that there is never (or rarely) use for a "junk drawer," build navigation for more complex websites/apps (though it's one of my strong points on project I've worked on, I've never tackled a site like Amazon),

What project are you most proud of and why?
	The project that I am most proud of is my first freelance project. It's a website that I built for a client's business. It's the project I'm most proud of because I learned the most from it. I worked incredibly hard on this project, working long hours in addition to my main job. I not only designed it but I coded it as well. I even learned PHP because originally my client wanted a Wordpress.org site, so I was going to build a custom template. It's the project that I am most proud of because I went through an incredibly amount of self-doubt as to whether or not I could really do this. To me, it is easier purusing a path where all the steps are clear. Not having a clear guide is scary and oftentimes I didn't know if I was doing the right thing. Seeing this project through from beginning to end and having a site that my client loved helped legitimized everything I was doing to myself and my family.

Why are you applying to White Space?
	I'm applying to Whitespace because it's what I need to establish myself in the UX Design field and help me pursue my career in UX Design. Even though I've freelanced, I haven't had the legitimacy to call myself a designer. Now, after taking the GA course in UX I think I can and now I just need that extra boost to help me get a career in UX and I think WhiteSpace can do that.

How did you hear about White Space?
	I heard about Whitespace from my awesome TA at General Assembly, Jessica Phan